index.md, before:

---
layout: default
---

# Generative art projects
{:.no_toc}

* Will be replaced with the ToC
{:toc}

## [Vertigo (series)](./p5jsVertigo) Spring 2018  
A tribute to [Saul Bass](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Saul_Bass). Recreations of movie covers from Vertigo (1968), directed by Alfred Hitchcock.  
[![](./p5jsVertigo/images/vertigo_small.gif)](./p5jsVertigo/)  
## [Sunflower](./PSunflower) Spring 2018
[Phyllotaxis](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Phyllotaxis) with Processing.

[![Sunflower](/PSunflower/images/giphy.gif)](/PSunflower/)

## [Triangles](./PTriangles/) Spring 2018
  A collage on satellite imagery from São Paulo, more specifically from the [west access to city](https://www.google.se/maps/@-23.5254695,-46.7478157,14.44z).
  ![SaoPaulo sketch](/PTriangles/out/ssmall.jpg)
## [Queen](./pySpotifyAlbumFeatures/) Autumn 2017
  A visualization of all Queen albums according to danceability and other measures. Data from Spotify API.
  
  [![Queen albums](/pySpotifyAlbumFeatures/nodebox/QueenAlbumFeaturesSmall.png)](/pySpotifyAlbumFeatures)

## [Flashlight](./p5jsFlashlight/) Sprint 2017
  Interactive sketch.
  
  [![Flashlight](/p5jsFlashlight/images/flashlight_p5js_small.png)](./p5jsFlashlight)
  
## [Interactive gallery](./mixInteractiveGallery)
  Interactive gallery is a photography exhibition in which the audience is invited to explore the images by moving their hands, as if shedding light on a wall using a flashlight. The live installation used the Kinect device. A browser version is available, which works with mouse positions only.
  
  [![Interactive Gallery](./mixInteractiveGallery/images/intergall.jpg)](./mixInteractiveGallery)

## [Orbital Challenge: coding challenge flerting with 3D visualization.](./orbitalChallenge/)
This sketch is the 3D visualization of a routing challenge proposed by Reaktor.

[![Interactive Gallery](./orbitalChallenge/images/orbital.gif)](./orbitalChallenge/)


# Technical notes
 * I organized the source code so that there is one generative art project per folder. 
 * Projects starting with P are [Processing](processing.org) sketches; pyXXX are Python-based, otherwise a combination of techniques & languages.
 * In Processing sketches, additional data (images, audio, video, JSON etc) used by the sketches in always in the `/data` folder of each Processing sketch.
 * If the sketch generates some kind of output, it will be placed in `/out` folder. The source code includes one output as example.

Commit message:

New skectch: At the rose garden

index.md, after:

---
layout: default
---

# Generative art projects
{:.no_toc}

* Will be replaced with the ToC
{:toc}

## [Vertigo (series)](./p5jsVertigo) Spring 2018  
A tribute to [Saul Bass](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Saul_Bass). Recreations of movie covers from Vertigo (1968), directed by Alfred Hitchcock.  
[![](./p5jsVertigo/images/vertigo_small.gif)](./p5jsVertigo/)  
## [Sunflower](./PSunflower) Spring 2018
[Phyllotaxis](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Phyllotaxis) with Processing.

[![Sunflower](/PSunflower/images/giphy.gif)](/PSunflower/)

## [At the rose garden](./PRoseGarden) Summer 2018
[![At the rose garden](/assets/03-sto-extra-rose-garden-small.jpg)](/PRoseGarden/)

## [Triangles](./PTriangles/) Spring 2018
  A collage on satellite imagery from São Paulo, more specifically from the [west access to city](https://www.google.se/maps/@-23.5254695,-46.7478157,14.44z).
  ![SaoPaulo sketch](/PTriangles/out/ssmall.jpg)
## [Queen](./pySpotifyAlbumFeatures/) Autumn 2017
  A visualization of all Queen albums according to danceability and other measures. Data from Spotify API.
  
  [![Queen albums](/pySpotifyAlbumFeatures/nodebox/QueenAlbumFeaturesSmall.png)](/pySpotifyAlbumFeatures)

## [Flashlight](./p5jsFlashlight/) Sprint 2017
  Interactive sketch.
  
  [![Flashlight](/p5jsFlashlight/images/flashlight_p5js_small.png)](./p5jsFlashlight)
  
## [Interactive gallery](./mixInteractiveGallery)
  Interactive gallery is a photography exhibition in which the audience is invited to explore the images by moving their hands, as if shedding light on a wall using a flashlight. The live installation used the Kinect device. A browser version is available, which works with mouse positions only.
  
  [![Interactive Gallery](./mixInteractiveGallery/images/intergall.jpg)](./mixInteractiveGallery)

## [Orbital Challenge: coding challenge flerting with 3D visualization.](./orbitalChallenge/)
This sketch is the 3D visualization of a routing challenge proposed by Reaktor.

[![Interactive Gallery](./orbitalChallenge/images/orbital.gif)](./orbitalChallenge/)


# Technical notes
 * I organized the source code so that there is one generative art project per folder. 
 * Projects starting with P are [Processing](processing.org) sketches; pyXXX are Python-based, otherwise a combination of techniques & languages.
 * In Processing sketches, additional data (images, audio, video, JSON etc) used by the sketches in always in the `/data` folder of each Processing sketch.
 * If the sketch generates some kind of output, it will be placed in `/out` folder. The source code includes one output as example.
